
**Netskope Security Application Connector**

**End-User License Agreement**

PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (“EULA”) CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE NETSKOPE SECURITY APPLICATION CONNECTOR SOFTWARE (“Software”). BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AND THE BUSINESS ENTITY YOU REPRESENT (COLLECTIVELY, “You”) AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  This EULA is a legal agreement between You and Netskope, Inc.

\1.	SOFTWARE.  The Software (which term includes any updates thereto) is provided by Netskope for use with Netskope’s Cloud services platform (the “Netskope Platform”) to gather information from other applications in Your environment for Your own security purposes.  This EULA does not grant any rights to access or use the Netskope Platform; a subscription for the Netskope Platform must be separately purchased and is subject to a separate agreement.  Netskope may provide documentation for the Software such as user manuals, operation instructions, installation guides, release notes, and on-line help files regarding use of the Software as updated by Netskope (collectively, the “Documentation”).  Netskope and its licensors retain all right, title and interest and intellectual property rights in and to the Software and Documentation.  The Software and Documentation are licensed only; no title in or to the Software or Documentation is assigned or transferred to You.  The Software incorporates open source and/or publicly available content under separate license; a list of open source files and applicable licenses is included in the Documentation or the Read Me file of the Software.

\2.	LIMITED LICENSE.  Subject to Your compliance with the terms of this EULA, Netskope grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable license (“License”) to install and operate the Software in connection with Your use of the Netskope Platform and the applications in Your network environment, in accordance with the Documentation.  You may copy the Software and Documentation as necessary to install and operate the Software and to maintain a reasonable number of copies for backup and archival purposes.  The License includes the right to permit Your affiliates and third-party service providers engaged by You to use the Software and Documentation solely on Your behalf; provided that You shall remain responsible for such affiliates’ and third parties’ use of the Software and compliance with this EULA. Netskope may terminate the License effective immediately upon written notice to You if breach any provision of this EULA and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of Netskope’s written notice of such breach.

\3.	RESTRICTIONS.  You shall not, directly or indirectly: (a) transfer, sublicense or otherwise distribute the Software to any other person or entity except as permitted in Section 2 above; (b) modify or alter the Software; (c) use the Software for purposes of competing with Netskope, including for integrating with competitive products, competitive analysis, benchmarking or marketing; (d) transfer or export of the Software, or any portion thereof, in violation of any export control laws or regulations administered by the U.S. Commerce Department, OFAC, or any other government agency; or (e) use the Software except in accordance with the Documentation.  Modifying or altering the Software voids any applicable warranty and support obligations relating to use with the Netskope Platform.  The Software (including related user interfaces) and Documentation incorporate Netskope’s confidential and trade secret information and shall not be disclosed to third parties other than to Your affiliates and third-party service providers as permitted under Section 2 above.

\4.	DATA SHARING.  If you select configuration options to share data with Netskope, such as instance identifier, modules, plug-ins and information identifying applications in use with the Software, then you grant Netskope permission to use the data shared with Netskope (“Shared Data”). Netskope does not seek to obtain, and Shared Data shall not include, information that identifies or relates to any individual. If Shared Data includes contact information identifying Your organization, then such contact information will be used solely to provide Netskope Platform services to you and to contact Your organization regarding Netskope Platform services, including for support or marketing purposes. Netskope may use aggregated, anonymous Shared Data for any purpose.   

\5.  NO SUPPORT.  No support or maintenance is provided for the Software. If You receive support for the Netskope Platform pursuant to a current valid subscription, such support will include use of the Software with the Netskope Platform.

\6. NO WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER.  This EULA does not include any warranty regarding the Software or Netskope Platform.  NETSKOPE AND ITS LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  

\7.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, (A) IN NO EVENT WILL NETSKOPE OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERUPTION, OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATING TO THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF NETSKOPE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND (B) NETSKOPE’S AND ITS LICENSORS’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE, OR IN THE EVENT THAT NETSKOPE HAS MADE THE SOFTWARE AVAILABLE TO YOU WITHOUT CHARGE, NETSKOPE’S AND ITS LICENSORS’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU WILL BE LIMITED TO US$500.

\8. 	NO LIABILITY FOR DATA TRANSFERRED.  The Software is intended to be used for Your transfer of data from the Netskope Platform to third-party services and/or products. Such services and products are not controlled by Netskope.  Netskope is not responsible or liable for use, loss, alteration, protection or compliance by such third parties regarding the data transferred. Netskope makes no representations, warranties or guarantees regarding such third parties or third-party services or products.  

\9.	MISCELLANEOUS.  All Software and Documentation are deemed to be “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable.  This EULA shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the United States without regard to conflict of laws provisions thereof and without regard to the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.  You agree to comply with all applicable laws governing use of the Software.  You will comply with all applicable export laws and regulations of the United States and other applicable countries if You export or use the Software outside the United States.  If any provision contained in this EULA is or becomes invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall be stricken to the minimum extent necessary to maintain the legality of the EULA and shall not affect the remaining provisions and portions of this EULA.
` `PAGE   \\* MERGEFORMAT 3

